hi everyone my name is Marissa and
welcome to a very special video
installment today on my channel I am
officially auditioning for el Canada's
first beauty blogger avid said to my
naked style with left my personal style
which is using sort of classic looks
with neutral colors but then
incorporating my understanding of trends
and what I would say is kind of an
unexpected way I noticed on the runways
for the season that a bold colorful
liner look was really really on trend so
I thought why not go with my favorite
favorite shade ever liked using the Real
Techniques buffer brush with light
swirling strokes I'm applying the NARS
sheer glow foundation to correct any
imperfections on my face I use the pixi
corrector in Brittany peach and I use
this underneath my eyes as well as the
consider which is the Rimmel wake me up
concealer I use that in the high points
of my face I find that using my finger
tips really helps when using skin or
complexion products because the warmth
of your finger helps to activate the
emollients and it really melts it into
the skin I then set the concealer with
the Anasazi a contour kit in the vanilla
and banana shades just under my eyes and
around my nose so that the concealer
wouldn't melt then I used my favorite
sculpting product at the moment which is
the Kevyn Aucoin sculpting powder in
media I find that this color is closer
to mimicking the shade of a real shadow
rather than an orange e brown bronzer
next I'd bring it in for the eyebrows
which are the most important part and I
will never skimp on doing my eyebrows I
used the Anasazi Oh dip brow pomade in
medium brown which is definitely one of
the best eyebrow products I would be
completely lost without the L'Oreal
Paris brow stylist plumper which has an
amazing tiny spoolie brush with the
product that really lifts and plumps
each individual eyebrow hair and I just
use that to set the address on to the
eyes I used color pops super shock
shadows which I absolutely love their
new favorite brand of mine these are a
moose II kind of consistency very very
interesting but they drive down to sort
of a powdery finish and they are going
to stay on your eyelids all day which I
am all about after that is the focus
point of the whole look which is the mac
fascinating I Cole I use that all along
the lash line in the tear duct around
the lower lash line and then I flicked
it up at the
and I use the Real Techniques contour
brush and the Milani baked blush in
luminaux so this is a beautiful peachy
blush and I just swirled out all over
the cheeks which gives you a beautiful
glowy blush look finishing off the
complexion I used a mary-lou manizer by
the bomb which is a beautiful champagne
highlighter for the lips I use the
Charlotte Tilbury lip chief lip liner in
pillow talk just to line the ad sounds
the lips and blending in with my finger
I use the Stila convertible color field
florals palette which has 12 of their
convertible color shades to transition
the look into a more dramatic nighttime
appropriate look I added the house of
lashes Bambi lash so I hope you guys
enjoyed this look as much as I enjoyed
doing it l Canada I hope you consider me
for your first deep blogger have a nice
day bye